---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "instaclustr_kafka_cluster_v2_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-instaclustr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# instaclustr_kafka_cluster_v2_instance (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

### Optional

- **allow_delete_topics** (Boolean) Allows topics to be deleted via the kafka-topics tool
- **auto_create_topics** (Boolean) Allows topics to be auto created by brokers when messages are published to a non-existent topic
- **client_to_cluster_encryption** (Boolean) Enables Client ⇄ Cluster Encryption.
- **current_cluster_operation_status** (String) Indicates if the cluster is currently performing any restructuring operation such as being created or resized
- **data_centre** (Block List) List of data centre settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_centre))
- **dedicated_zookeeper** (Block List) Provision additional dedicated nodes for Apache Zookeeper to run on. Zookeeper nodes will be co-located with Kafka if this is not provided (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dedicated_zookeeper))
- **default_number_of_partitions** (Number) Default number of partitions to use when created new topics.
- **default_replication_factor** (Number) Default Replication factor to use for new topic. Also represents the number of racks to use when allocating nodes.
- **kafka_version** (String) Version of Kafka to run on the cluster.
- **name** (String) Name of the cluster.
- **pci_compliance_mode** (Boolean) Creates a PCI compliant cluster, see [PCI Compliance](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/documentation/useful-information/pci-compliance/).
- **private_network_cluster** (Boolean) Creates the cluster with private network only, see [Private Network Clusters](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/documentation/useful-information/private-network-clusters/).
- **rest_proxy** (Block List) Adds the specified version of Kafka REST Proxy to this Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rest_proxy))
- **schema_registry** (Block List) Adds the specified version of Kafka Schema Registry to this Kafka cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schema_registry))
- **sla_tier** (String) SLA Tier of the cluster. Non-production clusters may receive lower priority support and reduced SLAs. Production tier is not available when using Developer class nodes. See [SLA Tier](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/documentation/useful-information/sla-tier/) for more information.
- **status** (String) Status of the cluster.
- **two_factor_delete** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--two_factor_delete))

<a id="nestedblock--data_centre"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_centre`

Optional:

- **aws_settings** (Block List) AWS specific settings for the Data Centre. Cannot be provided with `gcpSettings` and `azureSettings`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_centre--aws_settings))
- **azure_settings** (Block List) Azure specific settings for the Data Centre. Cannot be provided with `gcpSettings` and `awsSettings`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_centre--azure_settings))
- **cloud_provider** (String) Name of the cloud provider service in which the Data Centre will be provisioned.
- **gcp_settings** (Block List) GCP specific settings for the Data Centre. Cannot be provided with `awsSettings` and `azureSettings`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_centre--gcp_settings))
- **id** (String) ID of the Cluster Data Centre.
- **name** (String) A logical name for the data centre within a cluster. These names must be unique in the cluster.
- **network** (String) The private network address block for the Data Centre specified using CIDR address notation. The network must have a prefix length between `/12` and `/22` and must be part of a private address space.
- **node_size** (String) Size of the nodes provisioned in the Data Centre.
- **nodes** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_centre--nodes))
- **number_of_nodes** (Number) Total number of Kafka brokers in the Data Centre. Must be a multiple of `defaultReplicationFactor`.
- **provider_account_name** (String) For customers running in their own account. Your provider account can be found on the Create Cluster page on the Instaclustr Console, or the "Provider Account" property on any existing cluster. For customers provisioning on Instaclustr's cloud provider accounts, this property may be omitted.
- **region** (String) Region of the Data Centre.
- **status** (String) Status of the Data Centre.
- **tag** (Block List) List of tags to apply to the Data Centre. Tags are metadata labels which  allow you to identify, categorize and filter clusters. This can be useful for grouping together clusters into applications, environments, or any category that you require. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_centre--tag))

<a id="nestedblock--data_centre--aws_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_centre.aws_settings`

Optional:

- **custom_virtual_network_id** (String) VPC ID into which the Data Centre will be provisioned. The Data Centre's network allocation must match the IPv4 CIDR block of the specified VPC.
- **ebs_encryption_key** (String) ID of a KMS encryption key to encrypt data on nodes. KMS encryption key must be set in Cluster Resources through the Instaclustr Console before provisioning an encrypted Data Centre.


<a id="nestedblock--data_centre--azure_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_centre.azure_settings`

Optional:

- **resource_group** (String) The name of the Azure Resource Group into which the Data Centre will be provisioned.


<a id="nestedblock--data_centre--gcp_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_centre.gcp_settings`

Optional:

- **custom_virtual_network_id** (String) Network name or a relative Network or Subnetwork URI e.g. projects/my-project/regions/us-central1/subnetworks/my-subnet. The Data Centre's network allocation must match the IPv4 CIDR block of the specified subnet.


<a id="nestedblock--data_centre--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_centre.nodes`

Optional:

- **id** (String) ID of the node.
- **node_roles** (List of String) The roles or purposes of the node. Useful for filtering for nodes that have a specific role.
- **node_size** (String) Size of the node.
- **private_address** (String) Private IP address of the node.
- **public_address** (String) Public IP address of the node.
- **rack** (String) Rack name in which the node is located.
- **status** (String) Provisioning status of the node.


<a id="nestedblock--data_centre--tag"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_centre.tag`

Optional:

- **key** (String) Key of the tag to be added to the Data Centre.
- **value** (String) Value of the tag to be added to the Data Centre.



<a id="nestedblock--dedicated_zookeeper"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dedicated_zookeeper`

Optional:

- **zookeeper_node_count** (Number) Number of dedicated Zookeeper node count, it must be 3 or 5.
- **zookeeper_node_size** (String) Size of the nodes provisioned as dedicated Zookeeper nodes.


<a id="nestedblock--rest_proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rest_proxy`

Optional:

- **integrate_rest_proxy_with_schema_registry** (Boolean) Enables Integration of the REST proxy with a Schema registry.
- **schema_registry_password** (String, Sensitive) Password to use when connecting to the Kafka schema registry. Requires 'integrateRestProxyWithSchemaRegistry' to be 'true' and useLocalSchemaRegistry to be 'false'.
- **schema_registry_server_url** (String) URL of the Kafka schema registry to integrate with. Requires 'integrateRestProxyWithSchemaRegistry' to be 'true' and useLocalSchemaRegistry to be 'false'.
- **schema_registry_username** (String) Username to use when connecting to the Kafka schema registry. Requires 'integrateRestProxyWithSchemaRegistry' to be 'true' and useLocalSchemaRegistry to be 'false'.
- **use_local_schema_registry** (Boolean) Integrates the REST proxy with the Schema registry attached to this cluster. Requires 'integrateRestProxyWithSchemaRegistry' to be 'true'.
- **version** (String) Adds the specified version of Kafka REST Proxy to the Kafka cluster.


<a id="nestedblock--schema_registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_registry`

Optional:

- **version** (String) Adds the specified version of Kafka Schema Registry to the Kafka cluster.


<a id="nestedblock--two_factor_delete"></a>
### Nested Schema for `two_factor_delete`

Optional:

- **confirmation_email** (String) The email address which will be contacted when the cluster is requested to be deleted.
- **confirmation_phone_number** (String) The phone number which will be contacted when the cluster is requested to be delete.


