README.md, before:

# Terraform Instaclustr Provider

A [Terraform](http://terraform.io) provider for managing Instaclustr Platform resources.  

It provides a flexible set of resources for provisioning and managing [Instaclustr based clusters](http://instaclustr.com/) via the use of Terraform.  

For general information about Terraform, visit the [official website](https://terraform.io/) and [GitHub project page](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform).

For further information about Instaclustr, please see [FAQ](https://www.instaclustr.com/resources/faqs/) and [Support](https://support.instaclustr.com/hc/en-us) 

## Key benefits

- Removes the need to write custom code integration directly with the Instaclustr API
- Instaclustr based infrastructure as code deployments with minimal effort
- Ease of integration into existing terraform or automated CI/CD based workflows
- Ease of customisation and configuration in order to meet operational requirements
- Use of existing Instaclustr authentication methodologies

## Requirements

- Terraform 0.10.x or higher
- Go 1.14 or higher

## Building The Provider

Clone the provider source code

```sh
$ mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/instaclustr; cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/instaclustr
$ git clone https://github.com/instaclustr/terraform-provider-instaclustr.git
```

Build the source into executable binary

```sh
$ cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/instaclustr/terraform-provider-instaclustr
$ make build
```

Install the provider

```sh
$ cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/instaclustr/terraform-provider-instaclustr
$ make install
```

For further details on Provider installation please see the [Terraform installation guide](https://www.terraform.io/docs/plugins/basics.html#installing-a-plugin).

## Authentication

This provider requires an API Key in order to provision Instaclustr resources. To create an API key, please log into the [Instaclustr Console](https://console.instaclustr.com) or signup for an account [here](https://console.instaclustr.com/user/signup) if you dont have one.  Navigate to `Account` -> `API Keys` page, locate the `Provisioning` role and click `Generate Key`.  This username and API key combination should then be placed into the provider configuration:

```
provider "instaclustr" {
    username = "<Your instaclustr username here>"
    api_key = "<Your provisioning API key here>"
}
```
or just input them when Terraform indicates you.

## Example Usage

```
resource "instaclustr_cluster" "example" {
    cluster_name = "testcluster"
    node_size = "t3.small"
    data_centre = "US_WEST_2"
    sla_tier = "NON_PRODUCTION"
    cluster_network = "192.168.0.0/18"
    private_network_cluster = false
    pci_compliant_cluster = false
    cluster_provider = {
        name = "AWS_VPC"
    }
    rack_allocation = {
        number_of_racks = 3
        nodes_per_rack = 1
    }
    bundle {
        bundle = "APACHE_CASSANDRA"
        version = "3.11.4"
        options = {
          auth_n_authz = true
        }
      }
      bundle {
        bundle = "SPARK"
        version = "apache-spark:2.3.2"
      }
      bundle {
        bundle = "ZEPPELIN"
        version = "apache-zeppelin:0.8.0-spark-2.3.2"
      }
}
```

## Configuration
### Resources
### Resource:  `instaclustr_cluster`  
A resource for managing clusters on Instaclustr Managed Platform. A cluster contains a base application and several add-ons.

#### Properties
Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
cluster_name|The name of new cluster. May contain a combination of letters, numbers and underscores with a maximum length of 32 characters.|Required
node_size|Desired node size. See [here](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/api-integrations/api-reference/provisioning-api/#section-reference-data-data-centres-and-node-sizes) for more details.|Required
data_centre|Desired data centre. See [here](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/api-integrations/api-reference/provisioning-api/#section-reference-data-data-centres-and-node-sizes) for more details.|Required
sla_tier|Accepts PRODUCTION/NON_PRODUCTION. The SLA Tier feature on the Instaclustr console is used to classify clusters as either production and non_production. See [here](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/documentation/useful-information/sla-tier/) for more details.|NON_PRODUCTION
cluster_network|The private network address block for the cluster specified using CIDR address notation. The network must have a prefix length between /12 and /22 and must be part of a private address space.|10.224.0.0/12
private_network_cluster|Accepts true/false. Creates the cluster with private network only.|false
pci_compliant_cluster|Accepts true/false. Creates the cluster with PCI compliance enabled.|false
cluster_provider|The information of infrastructure provider. See below for its properties.|Required
rack_allocation|The number of resources to use. See below for its properties.|Required
bundle|Array of bundle information. See below for its properties.|Required

`cluster_provider`

Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
name|Accepts AWS_VPC now. The new cluster will be deployed on Amazon Web Service.|Required
account_name|For customers running in their own account. Your provider account can be found on the ‘Account’ tab on the console, or the “Provider Account” property on any existing cluster.|""
tags|If specified, the value is a map from tag key to value. For restrictions, refer to the [AWS User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html#tag-restrictions). Tags are defined per cluster and will be applied to every instance in the cluster.|""
resource_group|AZURE only, if specified, the value is name for an Azure Resource Group which the resources will be provisioned into.|""
disk_encryption_key|Specify an KMS encryption key to encrypt data on nodes. KMS encryption key must be set in Account settings before provisioning an encrypted cluster.|""
custom_virtual_network_id|Specify a custom AWS VPC ID to use for customers provisioning in their own account. <b><i>Note:</i></b> Using this option requires that the cluster_network match the IPv4 CIDR block of the specified VPC ID.|""

`rack_allocation`

Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
number_of_racks|Number of racks to use when allocating nodes. Max allowed is 5|Required
nodes_per_rack|Number of nodes per rack. Max allowed is 10|Required

`bundle`

Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
bundle| See [Bundles and Versions below](#bundles-and-versions)|Required
version| See [Bundles and Versions below](#bundles-and-versions)|Required
options|Options and add-ons for the given bundle. See `bundle.options` below for its properties|{} (empty)

`bundle.options` - _all properties listed are optional_

Property | Description | For Bundles | Default
---------|-------------|-------------|--------
auth_n_authz|Accepts true/false. Enables Password Authentication and User Authorization.|Cassandra|false
client_encryption|Accepts true/false. Enables Client ⇄ Node Encryption.|Cassandra, Kafka, Elasticsearch, Spark|false
dedicated_master_nodes|Accepts true/false. Enables Dedicated Master Nodes.|Elasticsearch|false
master_node_size|Desired master node size. See [here](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/api-integrations/api-reference/provisioning-api/#section-reference-data-data-centres-and-node-sizes) for more details.|Elasticsearch|Required
security_plugin|Accepts true/false. Enables Security Plugin. This option gives an extra layer of security to the cluster. This will automatically enable internode encryption.|Elasticsearch|false
use_private_broadcast_rpc_address|Accepts true/false. Enables broadcast of private IPs for auto-discovery.|Cassandra|false
lucene_enabled|Accepts true/false. Enabled Cassandra Lucene Index Plugin.|Cassandra|false
continuous_backup_enabled|Accepts true/false. Enables commitlog backups and increases the frequency of the default snapshot backups.|Cassandra|false
number_partitions|Default number of partitions to be assigned per topic.|Kafka|Number of nodes
auto_create_topics|Accepts true/false. Enable to allow brokers to automatically create a topic, if it does not already exist, when messages are published to it.|Kafka|true
delete_topics|Accepts true/false. Enable to allow topics to be deleted via the `ic-kafka-topics` tool.|Kafka|true
password_authentication|Accepts true/false. Require clients to provide credentials — a username & API Key — to connect to the Spark Jobserver.|Spark|false

### Resource:  `instaclustr_firewall_rule`                             
A resource for managing cluster firewall rules on Instaclustr Managed Platform. A firewall rule allows access to your Instaclustr cluster.

#### Properties
Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
cluster_id|The ID of an existing Instaclustr managed cluster|Required
rule_cidr|The network to add to your cluster firewall rule. Must be a valid IPv4 CIDR|Required
rules|List of rule types that the specified network is allowed access to. See below for rule options.|Required

`rules`

Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
type|Accepts CASSANDRA, SPARK, SPARK_JOBSERVER|Required

#### Example
```
resource "instaclustr_firewall_rule" "example" {
    cluster_id = "${instaclustr_cluster.example.id}"
    rule_cidr = "10.1.0.0/16"
    rules = [
        { 
            type = "CASSANDRA"
        }
    ]
}
```

### Resource: `instaclustr_vpc_peering`  
A resource for managing VPC peering connections on Instaclustr Managed Platform. This is only avaliable for clusters hosted with the AWS provider.

#### Properties
Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
cluster_id|The ID of an existing Instaclustr managed cluster| Not Required if cdc_id provided
cdc_id|The ID of an existing Instaclustr managed cluster data centre|Not Required if cluster_id provided
peer_vpc_id|The ID of the VPC with which you are creating the VPC peering connection|Required
peer_account_id|The account ID of the owner of the accepter VPC|Required
peer_subnet|The subnet for the VPC|Required
peer_region| The Region code for the accepter VPC, if the accepter VPC is located in a Region other than the Region in which you make the request. | Not Required


#### Example
```
resource "instaclustr_vpc_peering" "example_vpc_peering" {
    cluster_id = "${instaclustr_cluster.example.cluster_id}"
    peer_vpc_id = "vpc-123456"
    peer_account_id = "1234567890"
    peer_subnet = "10.0.0.0/20"
}
```

### Resource: `instaclustr_encryption_key`  
A resource for managing EBS encryption of nodes with KMS keys. This is only avaliable for clusters hosted with the AWS provider.

#### Properties
Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
key_id|Internal ID of the KMS encryption key. Can be found via GET to `https://api.instaclustr.com/provisioning/v1/encryption-keys`|""
alias|KMS key alias, a human-readibly identifier specified alongside your KMS ARN|""
arn|KMS ARN, identifier specifying provider, location and key in a ':' value seperated string|""

#### Example
```
resource "instaclustr_encryption_key" "example_encryption_key" {
    alias: "virginia 1"
    arn: "arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:123456789012:key12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789abc"
}
```

## Bundles and Versions

Bundle | Versions | Compatible With
---------|-------------|---------------
APACHE_CASSANDRA|2.1.19, 2.2.13, 3.0.14, 3.0.17, 3.0.18, 3.11, 3.11.3, 3.11.4|
SPARK|apache-spark:2.1.3, apache-spark:2.1.3.ic1, apache-spark:2.3.2|APACHE_CASSANDRA
ZEPPELIN|apache-zeppelin:0.8.0-spark-2.3.2, apache-zeppelin:0.7.1-spark-2.1.1|APACHE_CASSANDRA
KAFKA|2.1.1, 2.3.1|
KAFKA_REST_PROXY|5.0.0|KAFKA
KAFKA_SCHEMA_REGISTRY|5.0.0|KAFKA
ELASTICSEARCH|opendistro-for-elasticsearch:1.4.0

### Migrating from 0.0.1 &rarr; 0.1.0
A schema change has been made from 0.0.1 which no longer supports the `bundles` argument and uses `bundle` blocks instead. This change can cause `terraform apply` to fail with a message that `bundles` has been removed and/or updating isn't supported. To resolve this -<br>
1. Change all usages of the `bundles` argument &rarr; `bundle` blocks (example under example/main.tf)
2. In the .tfstate files, replace all keys named `bundles` with `bundle` in resources under the Instaclustr provider.


## Contributing

Firstly thanks!  We value your time and will do our best to review the PR as soon as possible. 

1. [Install golang](https://golang.org/doc/install#install)
2. Clone repository to: $GOPATH/src/github.com/instaclustr/terraform-provider-instaclust
3. Build the provider by `$ make build`
4. Run the tests by `$ make test`
5. Set up all of the environmental variables listed [below](#acceptance-test-environment-variables) to prepare for acceptance testing.
6. Run the acceptance tests `$ make testacc`
7. Create a PR and send it our way :)

#### Acceptance Test Environment Variables
Variable | Command | Description
---------|-------------|--------
TF_ACC|`$ export TF_ACC=1`|Enables online acceptance tests.
IC_USERNAME|`$ export IC_USERNAME=<your instaclustr username>`|Authorizes Provisioning API
IC_API_KEY|`$ export IC_API_KEY=<your provisioning API key>`|Authorizes Provisioning API
KMS_ARN|`$ export KMS_ARN=<your KMS ARN>`|For EBS encryption of nodes. <b><i>Note:</i></b> You cannot use an ARN previously added to your account as an encryption key.
IC_PROV_ACC_NAME|`$ export IC_PROV_ACC_NAME="<your provider name>"`|Your "Run In Your Own Account" account name.
IC_PROV_VPC_ID|`$ export IC_PROV_VPC_ID="<your AWS VPC ID>"`|For provisioning into a custom VPC.

## Further information and documentation

This provider makes use of the Instaclustr API.  For further information including latest updates and value definitions, please see [the provisioning API documentation](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/api-integrations/api-reference/provisioning-api/).

Please see https://www.instaclustr.com/support/documentation/announcements/instaclustr-open-source-project-status/ for Instaclustr support status of this project.

# License

Apache2 - See the included LICENSE file for more details.

Commit message:

chore: Updated version and added limitations on README

README.md, after:

# Terraform Instaclustr Provider

A [Terraform](http://terraform.io) provider for managing Instaclustr Platform resources.  

It provides a flexible set of resources for provisioning and managing [Instaclustr based clusters](http://instaclustr.com/) via the use of Terraform.  

For general information about Terraform, visit the [official website](https://terraform.io/) and [GitHub project page](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform).

For further information about Instaclustr, please see [FAQ](https://www.instaclustr.com/resources/faqs/) and [Support](https://support.instaclustr.com/hc/en-us) 

## Key benefits

- Removes the need to write custom code integration directly with the Instaclustr API
- Instaclustr based infrastructure as code deployments with minimal effort
- Ease of integration into existing terraform or automated CI/CD based workflows
- Ease of customisation and configuration in order to meet operational requirements
- Use of existing Instaclustr authentication methodologies

## Requirements

- Terraform 0.10.x or higher
- Go 1.14 or higher

## Building The Provider

Clone the provider source code

```sh
$ mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/instaclustr; cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/instaclustr
$ git clone https://github.com/instaclustr/terraform-provider-instaclustr.git
```

Build the source into executable binary

```sh
$ cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/instaclustr/terraform-provider-instaclustr
$ make build
```

Install the provider

```sh
$ cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/instaclustr/terraform-provider-instaclustr
$ make install
```

For further details on Provider installation please see the [Terraform installation guide](https://www.terraform.io/docs/plugins/basics.html#installing-a-plugin).

## Authentication

This provider requires an API Key in order to provision Instaclustr resources. To create an API key, please log into the [Instaclustr Console](https://console.instaclustr.com) or signup for an account [here](https://console.instaclustr.com/user/signup) if you dont have one.  Navigate to `Account` -> `API Keys` page, locate the `Provisioning` role and click `Generate Key`.  This username and API key combination should then be placed into the provider configuration:

```
provider "instaclustr" {
    username = "<Your instaclustr username here>"
    api_key = "<Your provisioning API key here>"
}
```
or just input them when Terraform indicates you.

## Example Usage

```
resource "instaclustr_cluster" "example" {
    cluster_name = "testcluster"
    node_size = "t3.small"
    data_centre = "US_WEST_2"
    sla_tier = "NON_PRODUCTION"
    cluster_network = "192.168.0.0/18"
    private_network_cluster = false
    pci_compliant_cluster = false
    cluster_provider = {
        name = "AWS_VPC"
    }
    rack_allocation = {
        number_of_racks = 3
        nodes_per_rack = 1
    }
    bundle {
        bundle = "APACHE_CASSANDRA"
        version = "3.11.4"
        options = {
          auth_n_authz = true
        }
      }
      bundle {
        bundle = "SPARK"
        version = "apache-spark:2.3.2"
      }
      bundle {
        bundle = "ZEPPELIN"
        version = "apache-zeppelin:0.8.0-spark-2.3.2"
      }
}
```

## Configuration
### Resources
### Resource:  `instaclustr_cluster`  
A resource for managing clusters on Instaclustr Managed Platform. A cluster contains a base application and several add-ons.

#### Properties
Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
cluster_name|The name of new cluster. May contain a combination of letters, numbers and underscores with a maximum length of 32 characters.|Required
node_size|Desired node size. See [here](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/api-integrations/api-reference/provisioning-api/#section-reference-data-data-centres-and-node-sizes) for more details.|Required
data_centre|Desired data centre. See [here](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/api-integrations/api-reference/provisioning-api/#section-reference-data-data-centres-and-node-sizes) for more details.|Required
sla_tier|Accepts PRODUCTION/NON_PRODUCTION. The SLA Tier feature on the Instaclustr console is used to classify clusters as either production and non_production. See [here](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/documentation/useful-information/sla-tier/) for more details.|NON_PRODUCTION
cluster_network|The private network address block for the cluster specified using CIDR address notation. The network must have a prefix length between /12 and /22 and must be part of a private address space.|10.224.0.0/12
private_network_cluster|Accepts true/false. Creates the cluster with private network only.|false
pci_compliant_cluster|Accepts true/false. Creates the cluster with PCI compliance enabled.|false
cluster_provider|The information of infrastructure provider. See below for its properties.|Required
rack_allocation|The number of resources to use. See below for its properties.|Required
bundle|Array of bundle information. See below for its properties.|Required

`cluster_provider`

Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
name|Accepts AWS_VPC now. The new cluster will be deployed on Amazon Web Service.|Required
account_name|For customers running in their own account. Your provider account can be found on the ‘Account’ tab on the console, or the “Provider Account” property on any existing cluster.|""
tags|If specified, the value is a map from tag key to value. For restrictions, refer to the [AWS User Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/Using_Tags.html#tag-restrictions). Tags are defined per cluster and will be applied to every instance in the cluster.|""
resource_group|AZURE only, if specified, the value is name for an Azure Resource Group which the resources will be provisioned into.|""
disk_encryption_key|Specify an KMS encryption key to encrypt data on nodes. KMS encryption key must be set in Account settings before provisioning an encrypted cluster.|""
custom_virtual_network_id|Specify a custom AWS VPC ID to use for customers provisioning in their own account. <b><i>Note:</i></b> Using this option requires that the cluster_network match the IPv4 CIDR block of the specified VPC ID.|""

`rack_allocation`

Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
number_of_racks|Number of racks to use when allocating nodes. Max allowed is 5|Required
nodes_per_rack|Number of nodes per rack. Max allowed is 10|Required

`bundle`

Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
bundle| See [Bundles and Versions below](#bundles-and-versions)|Required
version| See [Bundles and Versions below](#bundles-and-versions)|Required
options|Options and add-ons for the given bundle. See `bundle.options` below for its properties|{} (empty)

`bundle.options` - _all properties listed are optional_

Property | Description | For Bundles | Default
---------|-------------|-------------|--------
auth_n_authz|Accepts true/false. Enables Password Authentication and User Authorization.|Cassandra|false
client_encryption|Accepts true/false. Enables Client ⇄ Node Encryption.|Cassandra, Kafka, Elasticsearch, Spark|false
dedicated_master_nodes|Accepts true/false. Enables Dedicated Master Nodes.|Elasticsearch|false
master_node_size|Desired master node size. See [here](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/api-integrations/api-reference/provisioning-api/#section-reference-data-data-centres-and-node-sizes) for more details.|Elasticsearch|Required
security_plugin|Accepts true/false. Enables Security Plugin. This option gives an extra layer of security to the cluster. This will automatically enable internode encryption.|Elasticsearch|false
use_private_broadcast_rpc_address|Accepts true/false. Enables broadcast of private IPs for auto-discovery.|Cassandra|false
lucene_enabled|Accepts true/false. Enabled Cassandra Lucene Index Plugin.|Cassandra|false
continuous_backup_enabled|Accepts true/false. Enables commitlog backups and increases the frequency of the default snapshot backups.|Cassandra|false
number_partitions|Default number of partitions to be assigned per topic.|Kafka|Number of nodes
auto_create_topics|Accepts true/false. Enable to allow brokers to automatically create a topic, if it does not already exist, when messages are published to it.|Kafka|true
delete_topics|Accepts true/false. Enable to allow topics to be deleted via the `ic-kafka-topics` tool.|Kafka|true
password_authentication|Accepts true/false. Require clients to provide credentials — a username & API Key — to connect to the Spark Jobserver.|Spark|false

### Resource:  `instaclustr_firewall_rule`                             
A resource for managing cluster firewall rules on Instaclustr Managed Platform. A firewall rule allows access to your Instaclustr cluster.

#### Properties
Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
cluster_id|The ID of an existing Instaclustr managed cluster|Required
rule_cidr|The network to add to your cluster firewall rule. Must be a valid IPv4 CIDR|Required
rules|List of rule types that the specified network is allowed access to. See below for rule options.|Required

`rules`

Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
type|Accepts CASSANDRA, SPARK, SPARK_JOBSERVER|Required

#### Example
```
resource "instaclustr_firewall_rule" "example" {
    cluster_id = "${instaclustr_cluster.example.id}"
    rule_cidr = "10.1.0.0/16"
    rules = [
        { 
            type = "CASSANDRA"
        }
    ]
}
```

### Resource: `instaclustr_vpc_peering`  
A resource for managing VPC peering connections on Instaclustr Managed Platform. This is only avaliable for clusters hosted with the AWS provider.

#### Properties
Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
cluster_id|The ID of an existing Instaclustr managed cluster| Not Required if cdc_id provided
cdc_id|The ID of an existing Instaclustr managed cluster data centre|Not Required if cluster_id provided
peer_vpc_id|The ID of the VPC with which you are creating the VPC peering connection|Required
peer_account_id|The account ID of the owner of the accepter VPC|Required
peer_subnet|The subnet for the VPC|Required
peer_region| The Region code for the accepter VPC, if the accepter VPC is located in a Region other than the Region in which you make the request. | Not Required


#### Example
```
resource "instaclustr_vpc_peering" "example_vpc_peering" {
    cluster_id = "${instaclustr_cluster.example.cluster_id}"
    peer_vpc_id = "vpc-123456"
    peer_account_id = "1234567890"
    peer_subnet = "10.0.0.0/20"
}
```

### Resource: `instaclustr_encryption_key`  
A resource for managing EBS encryption of nodes with KMS keys. This is only avaliable for clusters hosted with the AWS provider.

#### Properties
Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
key_id|Internal ID of the KMS encryption key. Can be found via GET to `https://api.instaclustr.com/provisioning/v1/encryption-keys`|""
alias|KMS key alias, a human-readibly identifier specified alongside your KMS ARN|""
arn|KMS ARN, identifier specifying provider, location and key in a ':' value seperated string|""

#### Example
```
resource "instaclustr_encryption_key" "example_encryption_key" {
    alias: "virginia 1"
    arn: "arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:123456789012:key12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789abc"
}
```

## Bundles and Versions

Bundle | Versions | Compatible With
---------|-------------|---------------
APACHE_CASSANDRA|2.1.19, 2.2.13, 3.0.14, 3.0.17, 3.0.18, 3.11, 3.11.3, 3.11.4|
SPARK|apache-spark:2.1.3, apache-spark:2.1.3.ic1, apache-spark:2.3.2|APACHE_CASSANDRA
ZEPPELIN|apache-zeppelin:0.8.0-spark-2.3.2, apache-zeppelin:0.7.1-spark-2.1.1|APACHE_CASSANDRA
KAFKA|2.1.1, 2.3.1|
KAFKA_REST_PROXY|5.0.0|KAFKA
KAFKA_SCHEMA_REGISTRY|5.0.0|KAFKA
ELASTICSEARCH|opendistro-for-elasticsearch:1.4.0

### Migrating from 0.0.1 &rarr; 0.1.0+
A schema change has been made from 0.0.1 which no longer supports the `bundles` argument and uses `bundle` blocks instead. This change can cause `terraform apply` to fail with a message that `bundles` has been removed and/or updating isn't supported. To resolve this -<br>
1. Change all usages of the `bundles` argument &rarr; `bundle` blocks (example under example/main.tf)
2. In the .tfstate files, replace all keys named `bundles` with `bundle` in resources under the Instaclustr provider.

### Limitations
- The only update operation supported at the moment is to change node sizes.
- Updating configurations may fail if there is a mismatch between local tfstate and the live state. Example - destroying a cluster will fail if the cluster was already destroyed through the [Instaclustr Console](https://console.instaclustr.com).

## Contributing

Firstly thanks!  We value your time and will do our best to review the PR as soon as possible. 

1. [Install golang](https://golang.org/doc/install#install)
2. Clone repository to: $GOPATH/src/github.com/instaclustr/terraform-provider-instaclust
3. Build the provider by `$ make build`
4. Run the tests by `$ make test`
5. Set up all of the environmental variables listed [below](#acceptance-test-environment-variables) to prepare for acceptance testing.
6. Run the acceptance tests `$ make testacc`
7. Create a PR and send it our way :)

#### Acceptance Test Environment Variables
Variable | Command | Description
---------|-------------|--------
TF_ACC|`$ export TF_ACC=1`|Enables online acceptance tests.
IC_USERNAME|`$ export IC_USERNAME=<your instaclustr username>`|Authorizes Provisioning API
IC_API_KEY|`$ export IC_API_KEY=<your provisioning API key>`|Authorizes Provisioning API
KMS_ARN|`$ export KMS_ARN=<your KMS ARN>`|For EBS encryption of nodes. <b><i>Note:</i></b> You cannot use an ARN previously added to your account as an encryption key.
IC_PROV_ACC_NAME|`$ export IC_PROV_ACC_NAME="<your provider name>"`|Your "Run In Your Own Account" account name.
IC_PROV_VPC_ID|`$ export IC_PROV_VPC_ID="<your AWS VPC ID>"`|For provisioning into a custom VPC.

## Further information and documentation

This provider makes use of the Instaclustr API.  For further information including latest updates and value definitions, please see [the provisioning API documentation](https://www.instaclustr.com/support/api-integrations/api-reference/provisioning-api/).

Please see https://www.instaclustr.com/support/documentation/announcements/instaclustr-open-source-project-status/ for Instaclustr support status of this project.

# License

Apache2 - See the included LICENSE file for more details.
