docs/resources/kafka_user.md, before:

---
page_title: "instaclustr_kafka_user Resource - terraform-provider-instaclustr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Resource  `instaclustr_kafka_user` and Data Source `instaclustr_kafka_user_list`                             
Resources for managing Kafka user for a Kafka cluster. 
Kafka user list is a read-only data source used to get the list of kafka user in a cluster, 
while Kafka user is a resource used to create, update password, and delete Kafka users.

Note: There is a possibility that someone else could delete the Kafka user through other means, e.g., instaclustr console or API.
This will cause the Kafka user resource to be out of sync because it does not have read.
If this happens, to recreate the user, first remove the Kafka user resource, and then create a new one.

#### Properties
`instaclustr_kafka_user`

Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
`cluster_id`|The ID of an existing Instaclustr Kafka managed cluster. |Required
`username`|User name for the Kafka user|Required
`password`|Password for the Kafka user|Required
`initial_permissions`|Initial permission set (ACL) associated with this user. Possible values are: `standard`, `read-only`, and `none`. | `none`

`instaclustr_kafka_user_list`

Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
`cluster_id`|The ID of an existing Instaclustr Kafka managed cluster. |Required

#### Example
```
resource "instaclustr_kafka_user" "kafka_user_charlie" {
  cluster_id = "${instaclustr_cluster.kafka_cluster.id}"
  username = "charlie"
  password = "charlie1!"
  initial_permissions = "none"
}


data "instaclustr_kafka_user_list" "kafka_user_list" {
  cluster_id = "${instaclustr_cluster.kafka_cluster.id}"
}
```

Commit message:

Adding creation/management for SASL/SCRAM SHA-512 Kafka Users (#117)
Update the terraform provider for compatibility with the updated Instaclustr Kafka user management API.

docs/resources/kafka_user.md, after:

---
page_title: "instaclustr_kafka_user Resource - terraform-provider-instaclustr"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Resource  `instaclustr_kafka_user` and Data Source `instaclustr_kafka_user_list`                             
Resources for managing Kafka user for a Kafka cluster. 
Kafka user list is a read-only data source used to get the list of kafka user in a cluster, 
while Kafka user is a resource used to create, update password, and delete Kafka users.

Note: There is a possibility that someone else could delete the Kafka user through other means, e.g., instaclustr console or API.
This will cause the Kafka user resource to be out of sync because it does not have read.
If this happens, to recreate the user, first remove the Kafka user resource, and then create a new one.

#### Properties
`instaclustr_kafka_user`

Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
`cluster_id`|The ID of an existing Instaclustr Kafka managed cluster. |Required
`username`|User name for the Kafka user|Required
`password`|Password for the Kafka user|Required
`initial_permissions`|Initial permission set (ACL) associated with this user. Possible values are: `standard`, `read-only`, and `none`. | `none`
`options`|Additional options for Kafka user configuration (see next table for individual options)|{}

N.B. The options available to be set within the `options` property above are:

Option | Description | Default
-------|-------------|--------
`sasl-scram-mechanism`|The mechanism used to authenticate the user to the cluster. Possible values are: `SCRAM-SHA-256`, `SCRAM-SHA-512`|`SCRAM-SHA-256`

`instaclustr_kafka_user_list`

Property | Description | Default
---------|-------------|--------
`cluster_id`|The ID of an existing Instaclustr Kafka managed cluster. |Required

#### Example
```
resource "instaclustr_kafka_user" "kafka_user_charlie" {
  cluster_id = "${instaclustr_cluster.kafka_cluster.id}"
  username = "charlie"
  password = "charlie1!"
  initial_permissions = "none"
  options = {"sasl-scram-mechanism": "SCRAM-SHA-256"}
}


data "instaclustr_kafka_user_list" "kafka_user_list" {
  cluster_id = "${instaclustr_cluster.kafka_cluster.id}"
}
```
